Add optogenetics submodule and initial function (#832)
catalystneuro/neuroconv: CHANGELOG.md

* Added `get_default_backend_configuration` method to all `NWBConverter` classes. Also added HDF5 `backend` control to `.run_conversion(...)`. [PR #804](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/804)
* Released the first official Docker images for the package on the GitHub Container Repository (GHCR). [PR #383](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/383)
* Added `ScanImageMultiFileImagingInterface` for multi-file (buffered) ScanImage format and changed `ScanImageImagingInterface` to be routing classes for single and multi-plane imaging. [PR #809](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/809)

> * Added a function to generate ogen timestamps and data from onset times and parameters to tools/signal_processing.py: [PR #832](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/832)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a function to generate ogen timestamps and data from onset times and parameters to `tools.optogenetics`. [PR #832](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/832)
```
